```
# Map Initialization
structure = [[' ']*W for _ in range(H)]

# Drop the first block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 3 units
ab_drop('b13', 9)

# Drop the second block, a horizontal block with a width of 3 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b31', 7)

# Drop the third block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 12)
ab_drop('b11', 12)

# Drop the fourth block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 8)
ab_drop('b11', 9)

# Drop the fifth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 7)
ab_drop('b11', 7)

# Drop the sixth block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 11)
ab_drop('b11', 12)

# Drop the seventh block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 7)
ab_drop('b11', 7)

# Drop the eighth block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 11)
ab_drop('b11', 12)

# Drop the ninth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 12)
ab_drop('b11', 12)

# Drop the tenth block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 8)
ab_drop('b11', 9)

# Drop the eleventh block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 4)
ab_drop('b11', 5)

# Drop the twelfth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 5)
ab_drop('b11', 5)

# Drop the thirteenth block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 9)
ab_drop('b11', 10)

# Drop the fourteenth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 4)
ab_drop('b11', 4)

# Drop the fifteenth block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 9)
ab_drop('b11', 10)

# Drop the sixteenth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 10)
ab_drop('b11', 10)

# Drop the seventeenth block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 6)
ab_drop('b11', 7)

# Drop the eighteenth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 7)
ab_drop('b11', 7)

# Drop the nineteenth block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 10)
ab_drop('b11', 11)

# Drop the twentieth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 6)
ab_drop('b11', 6)

# Drop the twenty-first block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 10)
ab_drop('b11', 11)

# Drop the twenty-second block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 11)
ab_drop('b11', 11)

# Drop the twenty-third block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 7)
ab_drop('b11', 8)

# Drop the twenty-fourth block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 3)
ab_drop('b11', 4)

# Drop the twenty-fifth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 4)
ab_drop('b11', 4)

# Drop the twentu-sixth block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 8)
ab_drop('b11', 9)

# Drop the twenty-seventh block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 4)
ab_drop('b11', 5)

# Drop the twenty-eighth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 5)
ab_drop('b11', 5)

# Drop the twenty-ninth block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 9)
ab_drop('b11', 10)

# Drop the thirtieth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 4)
ab_drop('b11', 4)

# Drop the thirty-first block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 9)
ab_drop('b11', 10)

# Drop the thirty-second block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 10)
ab_drop('b11', 10)

# Drop the thirty-third block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 6)
ab_drop('b11', 7)

# Drop the thirty-fourth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 7)
ab_drop('b11', 7)

# Drop the thirty-fifth block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 10)
ab_drop('b11', 11)

# Drop the thirty-sixth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 6)
ab_drop('b11', 6)

# Drop the thirty-seventh block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 10)
ab_drop('b11', 11)

# Drop the thirty-eighth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 11)
ab_drop('b11', 11)

# Drop the thirty-ninth block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 7)
ab_drop('b11', 8)

# Drop the fortieth block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 3)
ab_drop('b11', 4)

# Drop the forty-first block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 4)
ab_drop('b11', 4)

# Drop the forty-second block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 8)
ab_drop('b11', 9)

# Drop the forty-third block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 4)
ab_drop('b11', 5)

# Drop the forty-fourth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 5)
ab_drop('b11', 5)

# Drop the forty-fifth block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 9)
ab_drop('b11', 10)

# Drop the forty-sixth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 4)
ab_drop('b11', 4)

# Drop the forty-seventh block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 9)
ab_drop('b11', 10)

# Drop the forty-eighth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 10)
ab_drop('b11', 10)

# Drop the forty-ninth block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 6)
ab_drop('b11', 7)

# Drop the fiftieth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 7)
ab_drop('b11', 7)

# Drop the fifty-first block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 10)
ab_drop('b11', 11)

# Drop the fifty-second block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 6)
ab_drop('b11', 6)

# Drop the fifty-third block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 10)
ab_drop('b11', 11)

# Drop the fifty-fourth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 11)
ab_drop('b11', 11)

# Drop the fifty-fifth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 10)
ab_drop('b11', 10)

# Drop the fifty-sixth block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 9)
ab_drop('b11', 10)

# Drop the fifty-seventh block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 7)
ab_drop('b11', 8)

# Drop the fifty-eighth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 8)
ab_drop('b11', 8)

# Drop the fifty-ninth block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 7)
ab_drop('b11', 8)

# Drop the sixtieth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 6)
ab_drop('b11', 6)

# Drop the sixty-first block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 7)
ab_drop('b11', 8)

# Drop the sixty-second block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 4)
ab_drop('b11', 5)

# Drop the sixty-third block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 5)
ab_drop('b11', 5)

# Drop the sixty-fourth block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 6)
ab_drop('b11', 7)

# Drop the sixty-fifth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 4)
ab_drop('b11', 4)

# Drop the sixty-sixth block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 6)
ab_drop('b11', 7)

# Drop the sixty-seventh block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 7)
ab_drop('b11', 7)

# Drop the sixty-eighth block, a horizontal block with a width of 2 units and a height of 1 unit
ab_drop('b11', 9)
ab_drop('b11', 10)

# Drop the sixty-ninth block, a vertical block with a width of 1 unit and a height of 2 units
ab_drop('b11', 10)
ab_drop('b11', 10)

